---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "counters_semantic_version Resource - terraform-provider-counters"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A semantic version number whose components increment according to the configured triggers.
---

# counters_semantic_version (Resource)

A semantic version number whose components increment according to the configured triggers.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **capture_history** (Boolean) Should this resource instance capture the history of the trigger values over time?
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **major_initial_value** (Number) The initial major version value.
- **major_triggers** (Map of String) A map of strings that will cause the major version number to increment when any of the values change.
- **max_history** (Number) How many versions (max) should this resource store?
- **minor_initial_value** (Number) The initial minor version value.
- **minor_triggers** (Map of String) A map of strings that will cause the minor version number to increment when any of the values change.
- **patch_initial_value** (Number) The initial patch version value.
- **patch_triggers** (Map of String) A map of strings that will cause the patch version number to increment when any of the values change.

### Read-Only

- **history** (List of Object) A list of semantic versions that this resource has produced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--history))
- **major_value** (Number) The current major version number.
- **minor_value** (Number) The current minor version number.
- **patch_value** (Number) The current patch version number.
- **value** (String) The semantic version number as a string in <major>.<minor>.<patch> form.

<a id="nestedatt--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `history`

Read-Only:

- **major_triggers** (Map of String)
- **major_value** (Number)
- **minor_triggers** (Map of String)
- **minor_value** (Number)
- **patch_triggers** (Map of String)
- **patch_value** (Number)
- **value** (String)


